hello to all of us we are
found today for the
presentation of the custom cover tuc
allow you to change the appearance of
the other the obs cries when you to
listened to one of your music is ok
change the look of the wallet
the album as you can see with
this first effect to configure this
tweak it will be enough to go in
the settings application and the
go down to the custom selection
lace cover you will choose from
the eight effect proposed the first white
which simply did not remove the
cover of your album
we then surrendered case he will be able to see the
cover on a CD in a pocket
like these we have the third one that is
simply a circle
the 4th this time clean and the cover
in a square with a knife
after we have the default theme
we then have this one that I find
rather successful
you then have city ​​so you have
could see it at the beginning of the video
and to finish the last effect
so he is exactly the same but
in a smaller version on your screen
locking
you also have access to various
settings thanks to tweets so in over
cetim you will be able to ticked the
first selection to remove the
music control which I find a
little this selection is useful which you
will not be able to control the
music from your screen
locking
then we have to remove the facts she
blurred your wallpaper that one
can see we see correctly my
wallpaper and the last one is for
see as wallpaper of the cover
from the album we can see that I have
wallpaper the jacket of my album
next I sing to have that the
change takes place as early as against
you will not be able to tick both
last selections for me that's not
not work I think it'll be
corrected during a next update
day
we still have this football effect and so
here it was the representation of puy
custom cover that allow you to
customize your lockscreen when
you listened to one of your songs
custom cover is available on their
man's skin miles at the price of 0.99 dollar
and compatible on all
iphone ipod touch and ipad devices under
saddle
here is this video it finishes and
I hope you liked it do not forget
not to subscribe and watch my
last two videos on his I you
say to the next
Hi